ha ha ha yes I am the word guess I ain't
crazy guess I am yes I am yes I am crazy
yes
that you know st. Nick you hope that
your ass here guess I ain't crazy I am
crazy I am guess I am a psycho touch me
and see what you see what a psycho is
that's why you just and stupid you a
success I still have a problem in the
shoe to you you you and you
that's what
you probably think you wanted human
trafficker
you know exactly what you are who you
are I wish you talk that way
Oh Karla call them recall them condom
condom condom condom condom
won't you come philosophy me alone why
don't you get off this box leave me
alone I won't say anything I want to you
don't like it that's too bad home what
do you want to do nothing nothing I
didn't have a problem eschew and you
don't have a friends on this bus you
don't like it that's too bad you're
nothing in estimate you try reverse
route that's why we burst whatever human
trafficker
twice and that's against about this
yes yes you don't know what's going on
here these fools they follow me all the
time every single boy Little Joe you
know him so food yeah why was you open
your mouth yo why do it even doesn't go
indoors this good hi okay encourage the
students pass my Liam he's not sitting
next to me and he told exactly what's
going on histo do you know he's a city
that's to me did you I asked the world
attend another bus